What are you doing here?
This is the end of our cooperation
At least give me a reason
Play me around
It's fun, right?
You've been using me, too
It's like I'm the only villain
At least I confessed everything. How about you?
Are you sure you confessed everything?
You're not like me.
You don't know that you have experienced extreme pain and shock
Day and night carrying hatred
What is it like to be alive?
What makes you think I don't know?
When I learned that the woman I loved the most
When I was tortured to death by my own mother
Do you know how much pain I am in?
Pardon me?
You like Li shi
Don't you touch me
You are as bad as Wang Yun
I used to think you were kind, otherwise
Otherwise what
Otherwise what do you say?
At least bring an umbrella
What am I supposed to do?